okay so my hair basically looks like a
hot mess right now I haven't done
anything to it all day I gotta just
slept on it and whatnot but anyways so
for my hair I'm going to start off by
doing a braid to the side because that's
how we're supposed to be doing our hair
tonight sometimes it's a poof and the
front and sometimes it's a brain to the
side we change it up depending on what
the cheer captain's want us to do but
anyways tonight it's going to be a braid
to the side and so I'm gonna go ahead
and start by French braiding my hair to
the side
okay and now I'm just gonna go ahead and
massively hairspray this down maybe not
too massively and then for my hair it
has to be in a really high ponytail
oh we're gonna grab all of my hair and
bring it up into a really really high
ponytail and you've got yourself a very
high ponytail so basically it's not too
hard to do my hair um but anyway I'm
going to put my bail on simply for
applying my bow it's really simple once
you get the hang of it but I'm going to
try and explain this because um you need
your mouth to stay in while you share
and so this is what I found works the
best you're gonna take the top layer of
the rubber band can you see that there's
a top layer right here I'm gonna bring
that up and you're gonna put your bow
and between the hair where the rubber
band is in the bottom pieces of the
rubber end and then you're gonna clip it
into place
and you're gonna pull the rope man up so
that it keeps your bow into place
so basically your bow is gonna stay on
it in the same place so usually what
happens and this is how I do my hair for
cheer so basically it's pretty simple um
probably what almost everyone does just
that the bow is gonna stay all night and
I'm going to hairspray this massively so
that is things back alright so that's
how I do my hair makeup for cheer I hope
you guys like this video and if you guys
like to see more share videos like this
or even just like general like
performance type things like Dan's um I
don't know enough but like what to wear
to cheer and whatnot um definitely go
ahead and request it and I would love to
do more of these videos because I love
making cheer videos and whatnot in
training is basically my favorite thing
to do in the whole entire world so um I
hope you guys like this and I will see
you all soon bye